- Dallas is getting
more and more intrigued
the longer
Safari makes him wait.
- One time she was like,
"Would you be down
for a threesome
with that roommate of yours?"
I was like, Oh, yeah.
That's my boy.
-  Wow.
- Whoa.
Now we wait.
- My heart is [bleep] going.
- Who's this?
- [bleep] my life, bro.
Y'all are [bleep] kidding.
[dramatic musical sting]
- So wait,
how do you intro the show?
What do you--like,
what's the--it's like SNL,
We got a great show for you
tonight, stick around.
- Spitball it.
- Hi, guys, I'm Tallulah.
I'm back. Welcome to "Catfish."
Super excited to be here.
I have a great
co-host this week.
Done a few things,
and he's going to come
join me in a second.
- Okay.
- Hi-ya.
- Playtime is over.
[laughter]
- Your beard has gotten
very filled in.
- And your hair--
- Yeah, it's like we've traded.
- I took your hair.
- You did. I love it.
- Are you ready?
- I am.
- All right.
Let's get into it.
"She's got me running
in circles.
"What's up Nev and Tallulah?
My name is Dallas,
I'm 26,
and live in Los Angeles."
- ♪ You do something to me,
babe ♪
- "I'm currently talking
to this girl named Safari."
That's an awesome name.
- I like it.
"She's an exotic dancer
who also lives in LA
"and when she slid
into my DMs two months ago
she definitely
caught my eye."
- ♪ I can feel it ♪
- "Because this girl is
everything."
I mean it, yeah.
"Face, body, personality."
Personality third,
but that's okay.
- [laughing]
- "We exchanged numbers
immediately
"and started texting.
"I wanted to link up right away
but Safari wasn't available
"'cause she's a busy girl.
"For this girl
I was willing to wait,
especially since she was
"sending me pics and videos
that showed me exactly
what I'd be in for
when we did finally meet up."
- ♪ You move my body
like a hurricane ♪
- "Thing is though,
"there are some things going
on that are kind of crazy.
"Recently, Safari asked me
if I'd be down with some
group action with her
and my roommate Kevin."
- I know, right?
- I mean, yeah.
She wants her cake
and eat it too.
- "I was confused,
and I've gotten nervous
"that I'm being played.
"I'd really appreciate it
if you could help me
find out the truth. Dallas."
- Okay. I mean, nothing
in this makes me think
that this is at all
a human being
that they are
communicating with.
Like, nothing.
- Yeah.
What if it is his roommate?
And his roommate is trying to
find out if Dallas is down...
- To...
- To maybe...
- Oh, wow.
- Well, let's call this guy.
[line ringing]
Oh.
- There we go.
- Whoa. What's up, man?
- What's up, what's up?
How you doing?
- This is Tallulah.
- Hi!
- She's been helping out
this season.
- I'm here to help
in any way I can.
- So what's up, man?
Tell us about yourself.
Where you're from?
- So I'm originally
from Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Moved to LA, here
for basically the weather.
Running and motorcycles
are like my things
and, you know, Michigan
has brutal winters
and, like, half the year
you can't ride
so I couldn't do it.
- I also ride motorcycles
and I'm a runner.
- That's dope.
- So this is like your man.
- Maybe we were meant
to fall in love.
- It should be us,
it's--it's bromance.
I don't think we
actually need you.
- I was going to say,
"Okay, bye!" [laughing]
- Okay, so cool.
So tell us about this girl
and how it all went down.
- So it goes down in the DMs.
I got two emojis.
Like the heart eyes
or something.
I'm like, "Who's this?"
Click, go to the page.
I'm like, "Okay, she's fine."
- Do you have a lot of
followers or--
- I have like 280,000.
- So you're used
to getting messages
that you don't know,
obviously.
- All the time.
All the time.
- Okay, well, and what
about her Instagram page?
Does she have a lot
of followers?
- Yeah, she has, like,
almost 100K.
- Okay.
- So it started off,
we hardly said much,
we were just like,
let's hang out, I'm in LA,
I'm in LA, back.
Switch numbers and then
next thing you know,
she's, like, texting me.
She's not just the fine,
you know, pretty face.
She's actually down to earth
and has a dope-ass
personality.
I try to hang out right away.
I'm like, "You're in LA, like,
hey, are you free tonight?"
- Yeah.
- And, you know, it's like,
"Oh, I'm busy." I'm like,
"All right, that's fine."
- Have you spoken on the phone?
- No, I've never
heard her voice.
Dude, every time I've tried
to FaceTime she won't respond
for, like, 24 hours.
And then she'll be like,
"Oh, sorry, I was busy."
- Then I'll ask again
and she'll be like,
"Oh, my front camera
is broken."
- Wait a second, hold on.
This is a girl
who has an Instagram
where she probably
posts a lot of selfies.
- This--exactly! So all her
story is her, like--
- Right. She's always
posting to her story. Right.
- I'm like, "Okay."
- Yeah.
- And she sent you videos
and pictures that are of her?
- Yeah, and they weren't
on The Gram, so I'm like,
"All right, this is obviously
a personal one."
So I'm like--she's, like,
keeping me in this loop.
- In the video she texted you,
did she ever, like,
say anything to you?
- Nope.
- Like, not your name?
- She'd just post
some sexy [bleep].
- Have you sent her
any sexy stuff?
- I ain't send nothing
because I was like,
"She could be playing
some weird joke on me."
One time she was like, "Would
you be down for a threesome?"
- Unprompted?
- Specifically a threesome
or specifically a threesome
with your roommate?
- She hit me up and was like,
"Are you down for threesome?"
- I said, "Depends with who."
- She said, "What about
that roommate of yours.
The Asian one."
And I was like,
"Oh, yeah, that's my boy."
- Wow.
- So, she goes out, DMs him.
- So she was
very open about it?
- Open. So, I'm like, "Are
you going to hit him up--"
I've been trying
to see her every day.
- We were thinking maybe
it's your roommate Kevin
and he's just trying to see
if you'd be interested in him.
- [laughing]
I'm sorry. No, there's
no way it could be Kevin.
- All right. Well, cool.
Look, so where are you?
- South Central-ish
Los Angeles.
- So we could just cruise
down to you right now.
- I'm ready when you are.
- Great.
- Let's do it.
- Bye.
- Buh-bye.
- If you've been talking
to someone for a long enough
period of time and you haven't
heard their voice,
it's usually because they
are the opposite gender
than you think they are.
- It's weird.
Something's weird.
But whatever it is, it feels
like if it's not Safari,
he's not going to be,
like, devastated.
- But, if Safari isn't real, we
should figure out who this is.
He definitely, I think,
deserves some answers.
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
All right.
Dallas is alarmingly handsome.
- That's why it's so funny.
He's great, so whoever
he's communicating with,
like, why not meet him?
- Right.
It's very strange for someone
to have his attention
and not want
to meet up with him,
unless they're hiding
something.
- That's what I'm saying.
- Here we are.
- What up?
- Hey!
- Hey, man.
- How you doing?
- Good to meet you.
- Hi.
- This is Tallulah.
- Hi! Nice to meet you!
- Come in.
- Whoa.
- Those are actually Kevin.
He's a body builder.
- Wow, really?
No wonder Safari
is trying to make that happen.
- Exactly.
- Okay, great.
Cake book?
- Yeah, don't open--
- What is this?
- I'm naked in there!
- Wait, you made a cook book?
Maybe I should bake a cake
butt naked.
This is, like, soft core.
- Ohhh.
- It gets explicitly,
like, fun and playful.
- Did you sell this book?
- Yeah, we sold out.
- Oh, my goodness.
- Wow.
- I wanna do a book.
- You can!
- So first of all--it's funny,
you're a little different
than people we usually
have on the show.
You talking to Safari
is for fun.
Don't get me wrong,
I'm sure she seems cool,
and she's beautiful, but, like,
you're not in love with her.
- Man, that's the thing, right?
At any point I could walk away.
- Right.
- But I can't!
- Is it uncomfortable not
being in the power position?
- Man, I don't know. She still
makes me happy, I mean...
If there any chance it is her,
I want to follow this through.
Because I know if we do meet
that physical chemistry
is going to be great.
It's like, all right, bam,
let's do this.
- Well, I'm very curious to see
what this girl looks like.
- Yeah.
- Will you bring up
her page for me?
All right, let's see.
Safari.
70,000 followers.
Exotic dancer.
- She's beautiful.
- She's definitely beautiful.
- Rockin' bod.
- Very sexy.
Here she is holding a water
bottle in her buttocks.
- Man. When she posted that
I was like,
"All right, that's a lot."
- That's impressive.
- [laughing]
- Yeah, all right, I get it.
Uh, I get it.
Do you still have
all your texts with her?
- Yeah.
- There we go. September 1st.
Just about
almost two months now.
- Wow. She said, "What's up
sexy? So, are you single?"
Wow, like, right off the bat.
- [laughing]
- I've low key
been stalking you.
I love your hair and eyes
and those muscles.
So you guys, yeah,
right away, kind of starting
to get to know each other.
- Exactly.
- Oh, and then--this is your
first time--want to FaceTime?
She said,
"Sorry, babe.
My phone front
screen camera is cracked."
- See what I mean? I'm like--
- "Gotta get it fixed."
- The front camera thing is
such bull[bleep].
- It is bull[bleep].
- For someone who is
an Instagram presence
like that. I mean--
- If your--if that camera broke
you'd be at the Apple store,
in a minute, yeah.
- Instantly. That's your job.
- All right, so then
she sends you this video.
- Five days later.
- From the strip club.
Wait a second--this was--
this was kind of interesting.
So you, in response to her
twerking video said,
"OMG I need that ASAP."
- Yeah.
- And she said, "Oh, yeah?
Be careful what you wish for."
- That's scary dude.
- Yo, I'm home.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- How you guys doing?
How you doing, buddy?
- What's up, man?
- How you doing? Kevin.
- I'm Nev.
- Nev, nice to meet ya.
- Hi! I'm Tallulah.
- Kevin!
- Nice to meet you.
- We were just having
a little chat.
What do you make of this
whole situation?
- I'm--I'm curious
to what's going on.
She's caught my attention.
She DM'd me and she was like,
"Your friend Dallas is fine,"
like,
"You're fine as hell, too.
We should all hang out
together sometime.
Are you down for some fun?
This isn't the first time we've
had these offers, you know,
but we haven't had
that--that--that moment yet,
so it's like, a little,
bro bucket list that we got
that we...
- Wow, all right.
All right, so look.
We got to figure out if
someone's using her page
to sort of divert guys
or if it's just a fake account.
It could be a guy.
Have you considered that?
- I have because--
I have, like, 55% guys.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
- So send us
whatever info you have.
We'll get into it
and hopefully tomorrow
we'll have some answers.
- Thank you, bro.
- Yeah, man.
- I appreciate it.
- I need updates ASAP.
- Great to meet you, man.
- Nice to meet you.
- Bye.
- Have a great day.
- Oh, boy.
- You know, it's funny.
We don't spend a lot of time
thinking about beautiful men
and what that
experience is like.
- When you don't experience
a lot of rejection,
I think that it creates a,
uh, need to get to the bottom
of why someone isn't
as there for you.
- I don't think Dallas is ready
for not getting the girl.
- Yeah.
- And being rejected.
- I play a fun game with Cleo.
I'll put the duck under a cup.
- I'll--you know,
I'll, like, mix them up.
You know, I'll say to her,
where's the duck?
And then she'll lift the cup up
and it's not there.
- I believed it. [laughing]
A magician.
- Anyway, let's see
if we can figure this out.
We've got Dallas
talking to Safari.
Page seems legit,
but she lives in LA,
she's too busy to see him--
- Kept dodging, yeah.
- Right.
- He's more and more intrigued
the longer she makes him wait.
- Yeah.
- So it sort of becomes
something of a mission for him.
But if it's not her,
which I think there's
a good chance it isn't,
then someone has access to her
page or the whole page is fake.
- Yeah, there's something
that's not kosher.
We have to figure it out.
- All right,
let's see what we can find.
All right, here's Safari's
number. Okay, great.
And here is her Instagram.
- There's not a lot
that we're really given here.
- Yeah. All right,
well let's, I guess,
start with a phone number.
All right,
reverse phone search.
Okay, so the number
comes up registered
to William [bleep], age 53.
- LA.
- Mm. Interesting.
Let's see if Safari follows
anyone named William.
- On Instagram.
- Nothing with
the last name [bleep].
All right,
so what else can we look for?
So let's go back
to her page--
- Wait.
- Wait, did you see something?
- Yeah, look at
her email on there.
- Arrii.saffarri.
- Oh, my God.
So this girl's
name is Ari.
So maybe it's like a nickname?
- Her name is Safari,
she goes by Ari?
- Okay.
- Is there any way to, like,
reverse search
an email address?
- There is.
- Yeah?
Arri.saffarri.
All right.
- There we go!
- Whoa in a
Google search it says--
Arianna [bleep].
- And then it says
the-only-Saffarii.
So that's big.
So at the very least I would
say some confidence
that Safari's
real name is Arianna.
- Yeah.
- And she's a real person.
- What about her,
um, tagged photos?
- Oh, yeah. Okay.
- Like, that one seems more--
- Oh, that's true.
- 12 hours ago.
Okay.
- Oh, wow. So who's this girl?
Rachel.
Well, this girl seems--
- Human? Real?
- Like a person.
- She commented,
"Love you so much."
- Huh.
- So clearly, like, friend.
- We should probably
message this girl.
- Yeah.
- Good--good find.
- Thank you. I'm learning.
- Wow.
- "Hey, Rachel,"
- Hey, girl.
- "This is Nev from 'Catfish.'
We're doing an episode now
"and your friend Safari
is involved.
"We would love to chat
with you if you can.
Here's my number."
- Let's see if she's in any
other pictures with friends.
- Oh, wait a second. Look.
This picture has got a--a tag.
- J-Alex.
- I guess we could contact
whoever this photographer is.
Okay, cool. Messaged him.
Everything about the page
does feel legit,
she's tagged in a lot
of pictures,
posted by lots of
different accounts.
I can't find an excuse
for if it is her,
why they haven't
at least talked.
- Maybe she's more into just,
like, keeping him on the line.
[phone rings]
Oh!
- All right.
First--first friend.
Hello.
- Yeah, hey, uh, this is Nev.
Who is this?
Jermaine? The photographer?
- Um, well thanks
for getting back to me.
We're trying to find out
a little bit more about Safari,
and we saw that you
had recently posted
some photos of her
that you took.
So we were just curious, you
know, what you know about her.
- You live in California?
- And does she also live
in California?
- Huh.
Wh--do you remember when that
was that her page got hacked?
- But then she got--she got
the account back and she--
it's her--she has--
it's hers, right?
- Hm. Well, cool.
Thanks a lot, man.
- Well, so okay,
so her page was hacked,
but it would have been
before they started talking.
- Yeah.
- I'm sure having been hacked,
she's probably extra careful.
[phone ringing]
- Oh!
- Oh, here's an Arizona.
- Yup. Okay.
- All right, Phoenix.
Hello, this is Nev. Who's this?
- Rachel?
- Rachel, thank you
for getting back to us.
We saw that you
and Safari are friends.
- And you're in Arizona
with her, right?
Is it possible to FaceTime you?
All right, cool.
I'm going to switch it over.
Um, so okay, so cool.
So I know
that her page got hacked.
Her Instagram page got hacked,
like, last year.
- Huh. Has she ever mentioned
a guy named Dallas?
- According to him she sent
him a message and was like,
"Hey," they started texting, so
if we read you the phone number
that this guy has,
can you tell us
if it's Arianna's
actual number?
- So the number we have
is 323-[bleep].
- Huh. So maybe someone
hacked her page again
and she just doesn't
even realize it yet.
- Yeah.
- So, can you give us
Arianna's actual phone number
so that we can let her know
what's going on?
- Go ahead.
- Is that the only
phone number she has?
- Cool, thanks.
- Thank you so much.
- Yeah.
- Bye.
- So the number
that Dallas has
is almost definitely
not the real Arianna.
But why don't we call her?
- Yeah, give a ring.
If it's her it'll be her.
[phone ringing]
- You have reached
the voicemail box of--
- All right, so look, we know
that the page is really her,
but she lives in Arizona.
According to her friend,
the number Dallas
is texting is not her number.
- She was hacked.
- And there's a good chance
Arianna's page got hacked
again, but zooming out
it's almost better for him
if it's not her.
It's going to be a good lesson.
- I think
he's going to be okay.
I think disappointment
can be healthy in tiny doses.
- Yeah. Will Dallas' crush
end up--
together: Crushing him.
- Let's call Dallas,
find out where he's at.
- Let him know--yeah.
[line ringing]
- Hey, we've got some
interesting info.
We should sit down and kind of
figure it out together.
- All right, we can meet you
at the gym, that's fine.
- Perfect.
- What's up?
- Let's see what you've got.
What are you working on?
- I can do--
I can do the--
- He makes it look so easy.
- I mean...
- And then right there.
Whoo, that was--that was--no.
Like,
you're right there though.
- [struggling]
- Yeah!
- Oh-ah!
Whoo!
- She's really in there.
- We got some stuff
to talk about.
- Already, dude?
- Yeah, come on.
Let's sit down.
- What did you find?
- So let's--
- What'd you find?
- We can't leave him hanging
for too long.
- All right.
I'll show you what we found.
All right, so the main piece
of information
obviously is the phone number.
- Yeah.
- When we ran Safari's number,
it came up registered
to William [bleep].
- What?
- Maybe that's her dad but
it's not an exact science.
- That's sometimes what it is,
right?
All right, so after that
we went to her Instagram.
- So we found also on Instagram
it linked an email.
- When we Googled the email,
it brought up the name
Arianna [bleep].
- Arianna [bleep]?
What?
- Which kind of makes sense
because Ari--
- Safari.
- Safari is her stage name--
- Oh, okay.
- Or her nickname.
So this was--this felt like a
breakthrough for us, like, oh,
we actually found out
her real name.
- Yeah, and then we did a look
through her tagged photos
to find, like,
more actual people that
there was some kind
of, like, interaction with her.
- One account that seemed to
know her was this photographer,
J-alexphotos,
and we spoke to him.
- Oh.
- But he seemed to think
she lived in Arizona.
- Oh, what the [bleep]?
- He also told us that, like,
her Instagram was hacked
and also her, like,
iCloud was hacked.
- But it happened awhile ago.
The fact that her account
was getting hacked--
and I think
it happened more than once--
- Somebody could have her--
- The person who did it then--
- Could have done it again.
[sighs]
- All right, so another person
that we found
in her tagged photos
is this girl Rachel.
So she called us.
She has been best friends
with Safari for,
like, the last eight years,
in Arizona.
- Why would she lie
about where she's from?
Even if she's faking me,
she could have--she could--
- Right. She could have just
said she's from Arizona.
So we said, "Look, can we read
you the number that Dallas
has been communicating with and
tell us if that's her number?"
- Okay.
- And we did.
- Uh-huh.
- And she said that is not
the number she has...
- [bleep].
- For Arianna.
- Bro, what the hell, bro.
Don't tell me that, dude.
What?
- So then she gave us
Arianna's "real" number.
We called the number.
We didn't get an answer.
So that's where we're at.
- Bro, that's a weird thing.
- It would appear--
I really think this is
the only possibility--
Somehow her page was hacked--
- Okay, well...
- In the meantime though I
think it probably makes sense
just to message
the number you have.
"Hey, give me a call
when you can.
Thanks."
All right, I'm sending this
to the number you have.
So now we've got
texts out to both--
- Options. [laughing]
- I'm scared.
- We can also send her a DM.
- That too.
- "Hey, I'm trying to
get in touch with..."
All right, I'm sending her
a DM, too.
- That [bleep]'s weird,
the numbers thing.
Ugh. I don't know.
- Oh, she just wrote back.
"Hey, I'm at work, can't talk."
- [laughs] That's her reply
to me all the time.
- Can you chat here
for a second?
- No.
- No, she says, "No."
I can't. Work rules. Hold on,
let me see what I can do."
At least we're talking
to her on her page.
- Which we know is her.
- So we're very close
to finding out
the truth right now.
- [bleep].
This is like
a roller coaster.
- Oh! Whoa, whoa.
She just sent me a picture.
Is that her? What?
- Oh! Whoa, whoa.
She just sent me a picture.
Is that her? What?
Hold on a second.
That says, "Hey, Nev,
it's Safari.
I'm real. Tell Dallas I'll talk
to him later about all this."
- What?
This is real?
- That doesn't make sense.
- I don't even know
if this is real, though.
- No, that's too quick
to have a sign ready
and to have a picture after
you say you can't talk.
No, that's sketchy.
- I don't know, you can get
a pen out and you can--
- That's pretty fast.
Either someone's
really good at Photoshop--
It's hard to know. I'm looking
to see if, like, it looks like,
like someone cut around her
finger and, like, put some--
- How are you going to do that
but not be able to FaceTime me?
That don't make--
- Well maybe she has
just been embarrassed
about living in Arizona?
- Yeah.
- What?!
- It's almost hard to believe.
Like, wow. Uh, okay.
- "Hope we can help you guys
finally meet up."
I guess we'll figure out
a way to meet up with her.
- Hold on, I can't talk.
Hold on. Oh, picture.
- Well sh--I guess she's not
supposed to be on her phone
but she, like,
quickly wrote this,
snapped a picture outside,
but that was fast.
All right, let's do a test.
Let's do a test.
If that was--okay,
it was two minutes.
Set a timer for two minutes.
- All right.
- Okay.
- Go.
- All right, I'm not going
to run because I'm at work.
I can't, like, go crazy.
I got to, like--I have to look
like I'm responsible
and, like--okay.
Grab the pad and paper,
bring it back to my desk--
"Be right with you,"
a customer.
- Yup. Yup.
- Okay.
"Hey, Nev." And then she did,
like, a cute thing.
"It's Safari."
And she really did
write it cute.
"Tell Dallas I'll talk to--"
- All right, one minute.
- Ooh.
"...him later
about all of this.
LOL."
Okay, let's go outside.
- 40 seconds.
- Take a picture.
- Oh, we gotta go.
[laughter]
- And this is quick,
for her to do it this quick.
All right, here we go. We got,
like, a corner right here.
- Okay.
- And you have to do
your cute--
- 20 seconds.
- Okay.
It's doable but that was fast.
- Also, as a girl,
you have at least ten options.
- Exactly.
- And she had to find
a cute spot.
All right, well--so I don't
know what to tell you, man,
but [laughing] something--
something's going on.
She may have been,
like, oh, man,
Nev's trying
to figure this out.
I better, like,
send him something.
But then why not
send that to me
unless she's been hacked,
right?
Maybe the hacker
has her [bleep]
and has Photoshopped
her, like, old photos
and was like,
"I better send that to him."
- That's some
real deal effort.
- Anything is possible.
All right, so look, she said
she was going to hit you up,
so just keep--
just keep me posted.
- All right, man.
- Can't wait.
- Good seeing you again.
Thanks for killing me earlier.
- Bye.
- So sketched out right now.
Bro, it's like, beyond me.
- Wow. I did not
see that coming.
- If it is her, then, like,
so many opportunities
for her to just been like,
"Hey, I'm actually staying
in Arizona right now," or--
- What if she genuinely
likes the game of it?
- Right.
- You know what I mean?
Like, she has to kind of have
everyone respond on her time.
It's all a bit of,
like, teasing and it does feel
like she's a little bit
of the puppet master.
- All right. Let's see
if we've got anything here.
Really? Nothing?
All right, no update yet.
- Good morning.
- Just waiting
for Nev to hit you?
- Yeah. Well, I'm just waiting
to kind of hear
what the next move is.
It's kind of in her hands
until we kind of hear.
I think ideally it'd be great
to be able to help get them
together and--and have,
like, a face to face...
- See what's up.
- Meeting and just kind of
know what's up and...
One way or another,
like, help them...
- Find some sort of resolution.
- Move from this. Yeah, yeah.
- All right, so I just got
a text finally from Safari.
- "Hey, Dallas.
I thought about this a lot.
"Sorry it took so long
to respond.
"There are some things
I need to clear up.
I need to meet you
somewhere by you."
[phone ringing]
- Oh!
Yo.
"I need to meet up
somewhere by you."
- Let's see how this goes.
Let's do it.
- I am, a little bit.
But I'm excited, too.
- See you soon.
- ♪ Tell me little lies ♪
- Boom! We got it.
- Here we go.
- Good morning.
Dallas got a text
this morning from Safari,
so I'm going to come pick
you up and then
we'll go meet Dallas.
- Cool.
- There she is.
- ♪ Tell me what ♪
- So we got some stuff.
- We have contact.
- ♪ I love it when you
whisper in my ear ♪
- I really don't know
what it's going to be.
- I just can't help but feel
there's some giant surprise.
All right,
let's get our man.
Yo, yo, yo.
- Hello?
- Hey! Come on in!
- Hi!
- Yo.
- How you doing?
- Good morning!
Good morning.
- 'Sup my brother.
You all right?
- We're good, we're good.
How you feeling?
- Awkward and nervous
and weird.
- So wait, so she texted you
this morning.
- Yeah.
- And then you responded.
- Yeah, but I didn't
hear back so...
Now I'm just like,
"Is this for real
going to happen, like--?"
- Dude, send another text
and just say, "We're ready."
Yeah, "We're here,
we're ready."
There's a park close by
that we could go to.
- All right.
- Say, like, "We got a spot
"near us
that you could meet us at.
A park near us." Yeah.
- All right.
- All right, so?
- Sent.
- Interesting. I never--
I didn't realize
when you read it to me.
"I need to meet up
somewhere by you."
"Need to meet up."
Like, so what does that--
- Yeah, yeah.
- What does that mean?
Like, she can't meet up
somewhere by her?
- Oh, yeah.
- It's a stronger way
of phrasing.
- Oh, there we go.
"I can be there soon.
If that's cool with you."
- And smiley face.
- So that's good.
- But yeah, breaking down
this text is scaring me.
- Well, so I just feel like
if I had to make an assessment
of that text I'd think, okay,
if it's true that she lives
in Arizona,
which it seems that she does,
there's some kind of
situation going on in Arizona.
Now, it might just be that
she doesn't want you to know
she lives at home
with her parents?
Or she's got,
like, a "situation"
situation in Arizona.
- Like a guy.
- Yeah.
Or someone else
had access to her page,
whether they hacked it
or it was a friend.
I don't know.
- Why won't she call me?
- All right, let's do it.
So she's in LA.
- She is in LA.
Where is she staying?
- That's--that's the mystery.
- It's those
high-stress moments
that always lead
to the best days.
- [sighs]
The anticipation.
[shudders]
- Here we are.
- We're here. I'm scared.
- Let's do it.
- [groaning] Nervous.
- Find a nice little quiet
corner back here.
- Nice little quite corner.
- So now we wait.
- [bleep], I'm nervous.
- See a guy over here.
- No, don't do that to me.
- Shirtless man.
I think this guy
is walking this way.
- He better not walk--stay
over there with your dog.
I like your dog, though.
Nice dog.
- Oh, okay. He's--he's--he's
just taking a dog for a walk.
- Yo, my heart
is acting [bleep].
My heart is [bleep] going.
- Who is this guy?
- Where?
- I swear--no, dude.
It's not, it's not,
it's no way that...
I've seen that [bleep]
guy before.
- You've seen him before?
- I've seen him before.
That better not be him.
- Where--how--where have you
seen that guy before?
- Just, like, living in LA.
- No. Seriously?
- I swear it better not
be that [bleep] guy.
Don't come over here, dude.
- It looks like
he's coming over here.
He's walking back
this direction--
- [bleep] my life, bro.
I swear. Y'all are
[bleep] kidding, bro.
- I've seen that [bleep]
guy before.
- You've seen him before?
- I've seen him before.
That better not be him.
- Wait, where--how--
Where have you seen
that guy before?
- Just, like, living in LA.
- No. Seriously?
- I swear it better not
be that [bleep] guy.
Don't come over here, dude.
- It looks like
he's coming over here.
He's walking back
this direction--
- [bleep] my life, bro.
I swear--y'all are [bleep]
kidding, bro.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Oh, my gosh, bro.
- So what's your name?
- William.
- Dude!
What the [bleep], bro.
- I'm Tallulah.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nah, bro.
- So...
- I [bleep] knew it was
some bull[bleep].
This is beyond me, bro.
- Hold on, wait.
Let's just get an explanation.
So what's going on?
- I saw him a few times,
like, around town.
SlutWalk a few times
and some Amber Rose events.
- Okay, so you have some
mutual social--
- Yeah, I've seen him
a few times.
And I was like, you know,
I thought he was
a really hot guy
and he's posting all
these photos of his, like,
ass on Instagram
and Tumblr and whatever,
and I was with my friend Safari
and we were all on social media
drunk and she was like, "You
should just totally DM him,"
and I'm like, "Oh, my God
I'm so nervous.
I couldn't do such a thing.
Like, I don't think he's gay."
She's like, "Well just
look how he's posting
"his photos on Instagram.
"He's got an OnlyFans page
that he uses
to, you know,
target the gay community."
- Wait a second--OnlyFans?
What's that?
- Dallas is always posting
his nudes.
Um, you can subscribe
to his stuff.
- And people subscribe and
he'll post special content?
Do you have subscribers?
- Yeah.
And Safari said, "Why don't
I just give him my number
and then it's really
your number."
- Who was he texting with?
- Me.
- But then why approach him
as a woman?
- I feel like girls can make
a guy feel comfortable.
Like, let's say
a threesome or a foursome.
You know, I could have been
that fourth person
in his threesome.
- That [bleep] is weird, bro.
I'm sorry.
- So, you asked
about a threesome.
He even said he would be down.
Then you suggested
the roommate, not you.
- But he was okay with that.
- Why not suggest yourself
or then say,
"Okay, Safari,
let's go meet him."
Like, why not see
if it could actually happen.
- We were going to do that
and then "Catfish"
came out of nowhere.
- Okay, so the plan was--
- To eventually get to that.
- Ahh! [laughing]
- These guys are so--
- This is beyond me, bro.
- Like, these guys are so--
- Most of his fans are gay.
- But that ain't got nothing
to do with what I like.
- It kind of feels like
you're trying to blame him
for the fact that you lied.
- No, and it's not lying.
I'm not pretending
to be someone.
- You've been pretending to be
Safari for two months.
- You a catfish, catfish, bro.
- No.
- Wait a second, but you--
- No, no, no, no.
- Wait, but surely
you understand that it still
feels like you don't think
you did anything wrong.
- I didn't do anything
maliciously.
I wasn't asking for money.
- That's true.
- So, if I wasn't doing none of
those things, I don't feel like
in a sense
if I was doing any harm.
We didn't mean
for someone to call "Catfish."
- Just ask me, be like, "Bro,
are you gay? Do you get down?"
I'd be like, "No." It would
have ended right there.
- Dallas, calm down. Like,
if you're not [bleep] gay--
- He's allowed to have
his feelings.
You have to, like, you know--
- But I think that's a really
unfair argument because I think
that then you're making
a decision for him.
I think you could kind of
say that like, you know,
if a girl is dressed
a certain way,
then that means something
about them.
- I think it's fair to say that
it would be easy to interpret
his social media presence as
someone who might be bisexual.
- Yes, of course.
- Whatever.
- I still don't think that
makes it okay, though.
- We were going to go to find
out where Dallas lives,
arrange a date, and to talk to
him about the situation,
get him comfortable.
- Okay, but he wanted
to meet up so bad.
Why not meet up
all these months?
- I already knew you mutually,
you should have just been like,
"Yo, let's hang out."
- Because I wanted to do it
with Safari,
but she was always gone.
- So she's just
not in LA a lot.
- Yeah, I didn't want
to do it by myself.
We were supposed to
all hang out and talk about it.
She was going to introduce me
as her friend.
- Right, and then from there--
- And then from there,
she would have faded off
away eventually
and then me and him would have
got on a personal relationship.
Who knows would have happened.
But now we have--
- Not that!
- Dallas, come on.
I apologize
if it came off wrong.
Um, Safari can tell you her
side of the story.
- Where is Safari?
- Safari is at
her friend's house.
- In LA or is she
in Arizona?
- In LA.
- She is in LA.
- If you want
to talk to her about it.
- Okay, great.
So she's here.
- I mean, yeah.
I would like to hear from her.
- I will go and call Safari
and send you guys the address.
- All right, so text us
where to meet you and Safari.
- Okay, for sure I will.
- All right, thanks.
- That's crazy.
I knew some [bleep] was up.
- I'm curious to know if
Safari's story is different.
She may not even necessarily
really know how far it went.
- All right,
we just got an address.
Let's go meet the real Safari.
- Definitely curious to hear
her point of view.
- I'm so curious, yeah.
- Okay.
- Let the awkwardness begin.
- Hey.
- Hello, guys.
Come on in. Welcome.
- Oh, okay.
- There, [bleep].
- Hi.
- In the flesh.
- Hi, what's up.
Safari.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hi, Tallulah.
Nice to meet you.
- The real you. Hi.
- This is Dallas.
- Safari. Hi, Dallas.
- What's up?
- Hi.
- Wow.
- This is awkward.
- Well the first--
first thing is just,
can you just sort of explain
how it all kind of went down?
- Yeah, so I've been friends
with William for, like,
about a year and a half now,
and he had shown me
your pictures.
- You are fine,
so in my heart I thought,
"I'm going to help
my friend," and I said,
"You can use my photos,"
and so I messaged Dallas.
When you first started
talking, that was me.
I said, "Trust me,
I got plenty of photos.
"If you really like this boy,
I'll help you get him,
but I can't be
staying here a lot."
- Well, wait, so what was
the plan that you--'cause
talking to him from your
account isn't "getting" him,
so how--did you--
- The plan was for me
to message him.
He then was going
to text "me"--William--
then they were going
to sit there and talk.
Eventually I was going
to come out here.
That's why I sent William
the photos,
and then we'd all get
together
and I would
just play matchmaker.
- Did you ever have any,
kind of, like, feelings?
- I never had a genuine
feeling for you.
You are attractive, you're
handsome, there's nothing--
- He's okay.
[laughter]
- Nev says you're okay.
- Don't gas him up, girl.
- I hate him. I hate him.
- I know, right?
- But I was doing this
for a friend's sake.
Like, I couldn't see myself
with you.
But William, I could see.
- But would you have
participated in a threesome
with Dallas in an effort
to sort of tee him up
if it meant helping him and
him, like, be intimate?
- Yeah, I'm a freak.
Yeah.
- I'm like--I'm a--I'm a freak.
So, like...
- [bleep].
- That's so funny.
- This is crazy, man.
- Dallas.
I'm not telling you that what
you're doing is wrong,
but the way your content is on
your Instagram,
it seems like you're reaching
out to a certain sexuality.
Like, you're reaching towards
the gay community
in order to make money on,
like, your premium.
'Cause I have, like,
an OnlyFans type of thing, too,
and I have women subscribers
and male.
But, like, my sexuality
is I want to be with both.
- I don't agree with you guys
when it comes to the fact
that, like, because Dallas
caters to a homosexual fanbase,
it, like, puts some
of the responsibility--
Like I don't--
I don't get that.
- I just feel like there's
opportunity.
That's all I'm saying.
- I can totally get, like,
the thought process,
but I think it's kind of not
your place
to put someone in
that position to explore that.
- Dallas, if this is how you
really feel, we respect that,
and I respect that as an
individual and I apologize
if I made you feel
any type of way.
- I'm not a grudge holder.
I mean, it's [bleep] up
but I'm like, it's all good.
Thanks for the clarity.
The clarity is awesome.
- Sorry we kind
of cock-blocked.
- It's okay.
- All right, well walk us out
and we'll say our good-byes.
- All right.
- It was nice to meet you.
- Really nice to meet you.
- Nice to see you guys.
♪ I am not the one ♪
♪ I am not the one
that you should be loving ♪
- That went as well
as it--yeah.
- It was pretty smooth.
- Are you mad
at her for, like--
- I'm mad that she would help
somebody [bleep] waste my time.
But I'm kind of relieved
that I just know something now.
- ♪ I am not the one
you should be loving ♪
- Yo.
- Hi.
- Hey, how's it going, man?
What's been going on since
we last saw you?
- I'm kind of just focusing
on my career and stuff.
- What about William?
- Are you guys talking at all?
- No, I haven't seen him.
I haven't seen him
since that day.
I'm cool, though, I'm like--
I'm going to let whatever
happens next come to me
and I'm not gonna try
and find it.
- Nice. Anything you want us
to say to William
when we talk to him?
- Just tell him to not
do that again to anyone
and just be real, like, you
know, be proud of who you are.
- All right, man.
Hopefully I'll see you around.
- Yeah, let's go for a run.
- Hit up my DMs.
- Bye.
- Heeey.
- What's up, William?
- What's popping?
- You seem to be
in a great mood.
- Always.
- Do you think that the way
things went down has changed
your feelings about him?
Because you seemed to really
like him, you seemed to think--
- I really do like him still
but at the end of the day
he does not care
about anything else besides
getting his coin,
and I respect that.
It's out here to hustle.
This is school, honey.
- You're happy?
- Yeah.
- Mr. Right comes along and,
like, is like, you wanna date
or whatever
and I'll be like, sure.
But you know, like...
- All right, well,
good luck with that.
- Aww, thanks, you guys.
- Say hi to Safari for me.
- I will tell her that you
said hello and you went--
- Exactly.
- [laughing]
- All right, bye.
- All right, Will. Bye.
- Bye.
- Aubrey has been
talking to this guy
named Brian on Snapchat.
It's crazy,
he goes to the same school,
and they've never
come across each other?
- I tried to meet up with him
at the rec. He wasn't there.
- Or he was there
but you weren't looking
for the right guy.
Park is about
six minutes away.
Oh, who's this?
- Oh, [bleep].
- What the [bleep]?